Update docs (#1357)
github/view_component: docs/logo.md

## Usage

> Use these marks to refer to the ViewComponent project in a way that does not claim endorsement or association.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these marks to refer to the ViewComponent project in a way that doesn't claim endorsement or association.
```
